add support for registry modules without vcs (#546)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-tfe: website/docs/r/registry_module.html.markdown

}
```

Create private registry module without VCS:

```hcl
resource "tfe_organization" "test-organization" {
  name  = "my-org-name"
  email = "admin@company.com"
}

resource "tfe_registry_module" "test-private-registry-module" {
  organization    = tfe_organization.test-organization.name
  module_provider = "my_provider"
  name            = "another_test_module"
  registry_name   = "private"
}
```

Create public registry module:

```hcl
resource "tfe_organization" "test-organization" {
  name  = "my-org-name"
  email = "admin@company.com"
}

resource "tfe_registry_module" "test-public-registry-module" {
  organization    = tfe_organization.test-organization.name
  namespace       = "terraform-aws-modules"
  module_provider = "aws"
  name            = "vpc"
  registry_name   = "public"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `vcs_repo` - (Optional) Settings for the registry module's VCS repository. Forces a
  new resource if changed. One of `vcs_repo` or `module_provider` is required.

> * `module_provider` - (Optional) The provider of the registry module.

Reviewer: I think we should be a little more specific about what input is expected here, since this appears to be a key attribute when vcs is not used. I was slightly confused until I thought more about it and looked at the docs.

```suggestion
* `module_provider` - (Optional) Specifies the Terraform provider that this module is used for. For example, "aws"
```

* `module_provider` - The provider of the registry module.
* `name` - The name of registry module.
* `organization` - The name of the organization associated with the registry module.
* `namespace` - The namespace of the module. For private modules this is the name of the organization that owns the module.
* `registry_name` - The registry name of the registry module depicting whether the registry module is private or public.

## Import

Registry modules can be imported; use `<ORGANIZATION>/<REGISTRY_NAME>/<NAMESPACE>/<REGISTRY MODULE NAME>/<REGISTRY MODULE PROVIDER>/<REGISTRY MODULE ID>` as the import ID. For example:

```shell
terraform import tfe_registry_module.test my-org-name/public/namespace/name/provider/mod-qV9JnKRkmtMa4zcA
```

> **Deprecated** use `<ORGANIZATION NAME>/<REGISTRY MODULE NAME>/<REGISTRY MODULE PROVIDER>/<REGISTRY MODULE ID>` as the import ID. For example:

Author: FYI Pointing out deprecation, to make it obvious when reviewing
